hey what's up guys and it started to
here and we just got back from the lego
movie it was a very good movie and very
awesome
we have three packs of pokemon cards
that you get this is the number 42
Pikachu holographic so it's pretty cool
we're gonna do an unboxing for you guys
we got three packs right here cuz me and
my buddy and my brother we went to the
movie and they don't even give them out
to you unless you ask for them so let's
get it started
bro so the first one we're gonna open up
we got a nice little Pikachu pack now on
the second card there's actually two
cards in this pack so we're gonna go
ahead and open this up and see now I
wanna go ahead and we got the Pikachu
holo and then that's an awesome looking
card there and it's cute is it regular
alright so just a random random second
card underneath we're gonna go ahead and
do another pack see what's just a random
second car we get it also comes with a
card list
so I guess they want such a great going
to see it Mike okay sorry I'm in my car
and I did drifting back good call by the
team from the I guess the second
card is all random so let's see my
comments so here's a second card and BAM
a timber alright alright
b2 and at a low alright well thanks for
watching guys thanks like subscribe
peace later